dl:dahulu
dlu:dahulu
kaco:kacau
ngaco:kacau
diobrak:kacau
abrik:kacau
gak:tidak
gaknya:tidak
gah:tidak
ora:tidak
kag:tidak
kga:tidak
ng:tidak
ga:tidak
gc:tidak
tak:tidak
ngk:tidak
tdk:tidak
tida:tidak
tdak:tidak
dak:tidak
g:tidak
egk:tidak
gk:tidak
no:tidak
not:tidak
gx:tidak
ndk:tidak
ndak:tidak
enga:tidak
nga:tidak
ngak:tidak
engak:tidak
kaga:tidak
kagak:tidak
gakan:tidak
gaksi:tidak
ganyaman:tidak nyaman
gasesuai:tidak sesuai
gabisa:tidak bisa
gasuka:tidak suka
gada:tidak ada
gadak:tidak ada
gpp:tidak apa
gpapa:tidak apa
gapapa:tidak apa
gabakal:tidak akan
gakniat:tidak niat
ganiat:tidak niat
gatau:tidak tahu
gajelas:tidak jelas
gausa:tidak usah
gausah:tidak usah
gapernah:tidak pernah
gadikirim:tidak kirim
gakmurahan:tidak murahan
setdkny:setidaknya
sengaknya:setidaknya
setidak:tidak
gasalah:tidak salah
keliatan:kelihatan
keliatanya:kelihatan
kliatan:kelihatan
kelitan:kelihatan
kliat:kelihatan
liat:lihat
diliat:lihat
dilihta:lihat
liatbpas:lihat pas
dres:dress
dresa:dress
dresx:dress
dresku:dress
dresnya:dress
dresnyaz:dress
gaunya:dress
longdres:dress panjang
dtg:datang
drg:datang
dtgnya:datang
dtng:datang
dteng:datang
dtengnya:datang
datengny:datang
datengnya:datang
y:yang
yg:yang
ynk:yang
iya:ya
bang:yang
sd:sudah
uda:sudah
udah:sudah
udh:sudah
ud:sudah
dah:sudah
dh:sudah
sdh:sudah
udahlah:sudah lah
sudahlah:sudah lah
yauda:sudah
yaudah:sudah
ydlah:sudah
yasudalah:sudah lah
yasudahlah:sudah lah
udahlahyah:sudah lah
dahlah:sudah lah
udalah:sudah
sutralah:sudah
wes:sudah
kl:kalau
klk:kalau
lo:kalau
klu:kalau
klw:kalau
klo:kalau
klok:kalau
kalok:kalau
kalo:kalau
kalou:kalau
klau:kalau
pda:pada
pd:pada
nysel:menyesal
nyesel:menyesal
nyesal:menyesal
yesel:mengesal
cobain:coba
cobak:coba
coba:coba
kucoba:coba
so:sangat
sngt:sangat
sangan:sangat
sgt:sangat
amatlah:sangat
sangatlah:sangat
krg:kurang
krng:kurang
kurangnya:kurang
mines:kurang
minesnya:kurang
minusnya:kurang
kuangjar:kurang ajar
kurangsuka:kurang suka
kk:seperti
ky:seperti
kaya:seperti
kayak:seperti
kek:seperti
keknya:seperti
kyanya:seperti
kayanya:seperti
kayaknya:seperti
kya:seperti
kyk:seperti
kyknya:seperti
kyak:seperti
spt:seperti
spti:seperti
sprt:seperti
seprti:seperti
sprti:seperti 
mcem:seperti
tiba:sampai
sampe:sampai
sampeny:sampai
nyampe:sampai
nyampek:sampai
nyampeknya:sampai
nyampenya:sampai
brunyampek:baru sampai
smpe:sampai
ampe:sampai
smpek:sampai
difotokan:foto
potoin:foto
fotoin:foto
poto:foto
potonya:foto
potoh:foto
pto:foto
fto:foto
dipoto:di foto
jdo:jadi
jd:jadi
jdi:jadi
jdikan:jadi
jadiny:jadi
jadinya:jadi
jadilah:jadi
jgn:jangan
jng:jangan
jan:jangan
jang:jangan
random:acak
pcs:buah
picis:buah
cht:mengobrol
dicht:mengobrol
dichat:mengobrol
chat:mengobrol
ngewa:mengobrol
diwa:mengobrol
dm:mengobrol
japri:mengobrol
ad:ada
big:besar
bsr:besar
gede:besar
gedean:besar
segede:besar
kegedean:kebesaran
gegedean:kebesaran
oversize:kebesaran
oversizenya:kebesaran
doh:aduh
waduh:aduh
hedeh:aduh
hadeh:aduh
dih:aduh
ngadu:adu
nyekek:mencekik
kecekik:tercekik
kecekek:tercekik
ngirim:mengirim
cuting:potongan
cutingan:potongan
cutingnya:potongan
cutinganya:potongan
cuter:potong
dr:dari
of:dari
dri:dari
aki:aku
gue:aku
gua:aku
me:aku
sy:aku
sya:aku
ku:aku
gwe:aku
i:aku
aq:aku
aqu:aku
q:aku
akunya:aku
diaku:aku
disaya:aku
diaqu:aku
kusuka:aku suka
ia:dia
all:semua
alsize:semua ukuran
samua:semua
pkok:pokok
pkoknya:pokok
pokonya:pokok
pkonya:pokok
pokoknya:pokok
pokoknyalah:pokok
bat:banget
bet:banget
bget:banget
bgdt:banget
bngt:banget
nget:banget
bngket:banget
amanakah:banget
bgd:banget
gaban:banget
bgt:banget
anget:banget
pol:banget
puol:banget
puwol:banget
baget:banget
benget:banget
bingit:banget
markotop:banget
amat:banget
gini:begini
ginj:begini
gni:begini
ginian:begini
bgni:begini
sgtu:begini
sgitu:begini
bangwt:banget
gitu:begitu
gituh:begitu
gtu:begitu
gt:begitu
itupun:itu pun
ituloh:itu
tu:itu
it:itu
itlah:itu
that:itu
iku:itu
ituya:itu
the:itu
itdk:itu tidak
si:sih
sie:sih
etdah:sih
rivew:ulasan
review:ulasan
direview:ulasan
riwiunya:ulasan
ulasanya:ulasan
checkout:pesan
cekout:pesan
chekout:pesan
out:pesan
co:pesan
po:pesan
order:pesan
ordet:pesan
oerder:pesan
orderah:pesanan
orderan:pesanan
ordernya:pesan
psan:pesan
psen:pesan
peser:pesan
psena:pesan
peasanya:pesan
pesenya:pesan
persenya:pesan
mesan:pesan
mesen:pesan
mesenya:pesan
mesn:pesan
peanya:pesan
dpesen:pesan
dipesan:pesan
pesananya:pesan
psenan:pesan
ready:ada
zonk:gagal
gagalkan:gagal
reseler:penjual
seler:penjual
selernya:penjual
owner:pemilik
d:di
aja:saja
ajah:saja
ajalah:saja
aj:saja
ja:saja
ajh:saja
sja:saja
gmna:bagaimana
gamana:bagaimana
gmn:bagaimana
gimna:bagaimana
gimana:bagaimana
gimanani:bagaimana
kekmana:bagaimana
bgmn:bagaimana
emnk:memang
emg:memang
emang:memang
emng:memang
mng:memang
mang:memang
situ:kamu
mu:kamu
pke:pakai
dpk:pakai
dipki:pakai
dipk:pakai
make:pakai
makai:pakai
pake:pakai
pakenya:pakai
pakeknya:pakai
pakek:pakai
dpke:pakai
dpake:pakai
pkek:pakai
dipkek:pakai
dipale:pakai
dipame:pakai
dipakek:pakai 
dipakenya:pakai
kepake:pakai
kepakek:pakai
gunakan:pakai
digunakan:pakai
wearing:pakai
cm:cuma
cuman:cuma
cumak:cuma
cma:cuma
cmn:cuma
katanya:kata
ktnya:kata
tahunya:tahu
tau:tahu
ketauan:tahu
didada:dada
ld:lingkar dada
ldnya:lingkar dada
lingar:lingkar
dipingang:pinggang
pingang:pinggang
pingangnya:pinggang
dipingul:pinggul
pingulnya:pinggul
bb:berat badan
bku:berat badan
tb:tinggi badan
dibadan:badan
body:badan
badanku:badan
bdanya:badan
bdn:badan
bdan:badan
kebadan:di badan
dibadanku:di badan
dilengan:di lengan
lenganya:lengan
legan:lengan
lngen:lengan
ngajar:ajar
back:kembali
kembalikan:kembali
retur:kembali
return:kembali
balikin:kembali
ngembalin:kembali
tf:transfer
but:tapi
tp:tapi
tap:tapi
tapj:tapi
tpi:tapi
tapinya:tapi
tapinsesuai:tapi sesuai
x:kali
kalinya:kali
kli:kali
kalik:kali
berkali:kali
kale:kali
sex:sekali
blus:tunik
kringle:kerut
kringkel:kerut
cringkel:kerut
cringkle:kerut
crinkle:kerut
crinkel:kerut
crincel:kerut
crincle:kerut
crinckle:kerut
ckrinkel:kerut
mengkerut:kerut
kerutanya:kerut
maron:marun
mustart:mustard
pen:ingin
pgn:ingin
pngn:ingin
pngen:ingin
pingin:ingin
pengen:ingin
pengenya:ingin
inginkan:ingin
mw:mau
mo:mau
mao:mau
otw:mau
bj:baju
bju:baju
bjuny:baju
bajunya:baju
tclose:baju
apike:bagus
top:bagus
best:bagus
bagu:bagus
bgus:bagus
bagud:bagus
bgs:bagus
bangus:bagus
bagusan:bagus
bagusnya:bagus
baguslah:bagus
god:bagus
bagusushshsjsjsjsjskskdj:bagus
sikirim:kirim
diikirim:kirim
dikirm:kirim
dikirmin:kirim
kirimkan:kirim
ngirimin:kirim
dkrm:kirim
kirinya:kirim
krm:kirim
krmx:kirim
krim:kirim
dkrim:kirim
dikirimnya:kirim
pngirimanya:pengiriman
pengrimanya:pengiriman
pemgrimanya:pengiriman
pngrimn:pengiriman
pegirimanya:pengiriman
pengirimanjuga:pengiriman juga
refund:pengembalian
bln:bulan
bkin:buat
bikin:buat
bwt:buat
dibuat:buat
buatku:buat aku
gamuat:tidak muat
dg:dengan
dgn:dengan
degn:dengan
dng:dengan
dngn:dengan
ngan:dengan
dngan:dengan
paking:pengemasan
pakingnya:pengemasan
peking:pengemasan
pecking:pengemasan
packing:pengemasan
packingan:pengemasan
packaging:pengemasan
packagingnya:pengemasan
packingnya:pengemasan
penckingnya:pengemasan
ac:terima
tri:terima
trima:terima
dtrima:terima
ditrima:terima
ksh:kasih
tku:terima kasih
tq:terima kasih
tks:terima kasih
trims:terima kasih
trmksh:terima kasih
tengkiu:terima kasih
tingkyu:terima kasih
maci:terima kasih
maciw:terima kasih
makaciw:terima kasih
mksh:terima kasih
mksi:terima kasih
mksih:terima kasih
maksi:terima kasih
maksih:terima kasih
makasih:terima kasih
makasihlah:terima kasih
mkasi:terima kasih
mkasih:terima kasih
makasi:terima kasih
thnks:terima kasih
thank:terima kasih
thankyou:terima kasih
thangkyu:terima kasih
thanks:terima kasih
trmksih:terima kasih
trimaksih:terima kasih
terimkasih:terima kasih
trmaksih:terima kasih
trimakasi:terima kasih
trimakasih:terima kasih
terimakasih:terima kasih
next:selanjutnya
nexrt:selanjutnya
nextime:selanjutnya
nex:selanjutnya
nect:selanjutnya
nexs:selanjutnya
kedepan:selanjutnya
kdpnya:selanjutnya
kedepanya:selanjutnya
kedelapanya:selanjutnya
time:waktu
langan:langganan
langana:langganan
cust:pelanggan
costmr:pelanggan
custamer:pelanggan
customer:pelanggan
customerku:pelanggan
costumer:pelanggan
kostumer:pelanggan
pelangang:pelanggan
pelanganku:pelanggan
pdhl:padahal
padal:padahal
pdhal:padahal
msh:masih
masi:masih
mash:masih
msih:masih
ngecewaij:kecewa
ngecewain:kecewa
dikecewain:kecewa
kecewakan:kecewa
kcwa:kecewa
kecewasi:kecewa
ngecawain:mengecewakan
mengecewak:mengecewakan
mengecewakanya:mengecewakan
ko:kok
koq:kok
koyak:sobek
robek:sobek
dirobek:sobek
kerobekan:sobek
to:untuk
for:untuk
tuk:untuk
utk:untuk
bt:untuk
untu:untuk
lg:lagi
buy:beli
bli:beli
belih:beli
belik:beli
dibeli:beli
belikny:beli
kebeli:terbeli
jgk:juga
jh:juga
jg:juga
jga:juga
juha:juga
nyatanya:nyata
kenyatanya:kenyataan
trnyta:ternyata
terxta:ternyata
dlm:dalam
dn:dan
n:dan
and:dan
seharus:harus
shrsnya:seharusnya
hrsnya:seharusnya
hrsny:harus
musti:harus
mesti:harus
mestynya:harus
hrs:harus
hrus:harus
flower:bunga
flowers:bunga
plower:bunga
mlh:malah
mlah:malah
mala:malah
hoax:tipu
ketipu:tipu
ditipu:tipu
bawain:bawa
ape:apa
apan:apa
papa:apa
apkh:apakah
apalah:apa
apansi:apa
apasih:apa
apapun:apa
apayang:apa
p:apa
ap:apa
hnya:hanya
hyn:hanya
doang:hanya
kainya:kain
rekomd:rekomendasi
rekomend:rekomendasi
rekomended:rekomendasi
rekomen:rekomendasi
recomend:rekomendasi
recoment:rekomendasi
recomended:rekomendasi
knp:kenapa
knpa:kenapa
info:informasi
jidat:dahi
idk:tidak tahu
jlk:jelek
jelk:jelek
bad:jelek
ngejelekin:jelek
brng:barang
baranya:barang
brngnya:barang
barngnya:barang
brgnya:barang
brang:barang
brg:barang
barangnya:barang
hrg:harga
hrga:harga
hrgny:harga
hrganya:harga
hargane:harga
hargany:harga
hargalah:harga
seharga:harga
iasa:biasa
b:biasa
biasanya:biasa
ketek:ketiak
lh:lah
la:lah
an:nya
na:nya
nua:nya
nyah:nya
yah:ya
yak:ya
yach:ya
cz:karena
cos:karena
krna:karena
karna:karena
saking:karena
gara:karena
krn:karena
bnr:benar
bner:benar
bener:benar
beneran:benar
benerin:benar
dibenerin:benar
sebenar:benar
sebener:benar
sbnernya:sebenarnya
sbnrnya:sebenarnya
sebenere:sebenarnya
kresek:plastik
krasak:plastik
krusek:plastik
keresek:plastik
kemresek:plastik
kreseknya:plastik
kakunya:kaku
puanas:panas
pns:panas
pnas:panas
pasas:panas
sumuk:panas
kejait:jahit
kejahit:jahit
jaitan:jahit
jaitanya:jahit
jait:jahit
djait:jahit
amanhx:amanah
mirib:mirip
ma:sama
ama:sama
sma:sama
sme:sama
sm:sama
sam:sama
samsek:sama sekali
samaku:sama aku
samanya:sama
ttp:tetap
tep:tetap
tetep:tetap
keh:tetap
ksk:beri
ksih:beri
ksik:beri
kasi:beri
dikasi:beri
dikasih:beri
berikan:beri
ngasih:beri
ngasihnya:beri
minus:kurang
tkoh:toko
tkon:toko
tokok:toko
tokoh:toko
tokokh:toko
tkohx:toko
olshop:toko
store:toko
storenya:toko
tokonya:toko
org:orang
orangnya:orang
blm:belum
blom:belum
sdkt:sedikit
sdkit:sedikit
dikit:sedikit
sikit:sedikit
hm:
wkwk:
hehe:
uk:ukuran
size:ukuran
zize:ukuran
ukrnya:ukuran
kuran:ukuran
ukranya:ukuran
ukuaran:ukuran
ukiran:ukuran
seukuran:ukuran
laen:lain
satunya:lain
dilain:lain
lainya:lain
sy:aku
ak:aku
tnp:tanpa
tampa:tanpa
konfirm:konfirmasi
konfirmnya:konfirmasi
lelet:lambat
slow:lambat
ngaret:lambat
gaenakjahitanya:tidak enak jahitan
gaenak:tidak enak
iner:dalaman
dalem:dalam
dlmn:dalaman
tps:tipis
tipi:tipis
tips:tipis
tipisan:tipis
apes:sial
second:bekas
monja:bekas
ka:kakak
kk:kakak
kx:kakak
bg:kakak
kak:kakak
kaj:kakak
pak:bapak
kal:kakak
mbk:kakak
mbak:kakak
mba:kakak
mas:kakak
sis:kakak
mbaku:kakak
kaka:kakak
abg:kakak
abang:kakak
sikil:kaki
bareng:bersama
barengan:bersama
pre:awal
sblm:sebelum
sblmnya:sebelum
sebelumnya:sebelum
dmna:mana
dimana:mana
mna:mana
kmna:mana
kemana:mana
kemanapun:mana
dikemanakan:mana
bls:balas
bales:balas
diblz:balas
dibales:balas
balesan:balasan
gmpng:mudah
gampang:mudah
outdor:luar
outernya:luaran
fast:cepat
gercep:cepat
cepet:cepat
cpet:cepat
secepat:cepat
cpt:cepat
cpat:cepat
cepetan:cepat
buruan:cepat
blg:kata
blngx:kata
blang:kata
blng:kata
bilangnya:kata
dibling:kata
kmrin:kemarin
kmrn:kemarin
kmaren:kemarin
kmren:kemarin
ngelorot:melorot
min:admin
adminya:admin
tailalat:tahi
ril:asli
aslinya:asli
realita:realitas
real:asli
ori:asli
original:asli
realpic:sesuai
realfict:sesuai
realpict:sesuai
raealoict:sesuai
realpick:sesuai
rialfik:sesuai
realfick:sesuai
suai:sesuai
sesai:sesuai
seusi:sesuai
wor:sesuai
wort:sesuai
wortit:sesuai
wrth:sesuai
whortit:sesuai
worth:sesuai
worthit:sesuai
sesuaipict:sesuai gambar
mf:maaf
sori:maaf
sory:maaf
map:maaf
mafkeun:maaf
batalin:batal
dbtalin:batal
batalkan:batal
cancel:batal
bs:bisa
bsa:bisa
hua:
whahahahaha:
hahaha:
hehe:
hihi:
dat:dapat
dpt:dapat
dpet:dapat
dapetin:dapat
ngecek:cek
check:cek
kucheck:cek
ricek:cek
yalah:allah
bca:baca
membaja:membaca
jegang:tegang
ujan:hujan
drpd:daripada
ngelak:elak
nungu:menunggu
bingun:bingung
nangis:tangis
nerawang:terawang
merawang:terawang
nyerawang:terawang
ngelorot:melorot
ngegantung:gantung
ngatung:gantung
katung:gantung
gntng:gantung
sprei:seprai
spre:seprai
rose:mawar
ag:agak
aga:agak
rada:agak
radak:agak
capelan:pasangan
qc:kontrol kualitas
quality:kualitas
kaluitas:kualitas
kualiatasnya:kualitas
kwalitaspun:kualitas pun
duit:uang
money:uang
duitnya:uangnya
korden:gorden
komplen:komplain
ok:oke
oklah:oke
okela:oke
okelah:oke
okay:oke
okeylah:oke
dicuci:cuci
cucianya:cucian
gays:teman
guys:teman
ges:teman
gaes:teman
gais:teman
sai:teman
say:teman
gan:teman
sobat:teman
teman:teman
bestie:teman
mahalan:mahal
ngamuk:amuk
tunguin:tunggu
nungunya:tunggu
nunguin:tunggu
ditungu:tunggu
nangung:tanggung
pertangung:tanggung
bertangung:tanggung
tangungjwbnya:tanggung jawab
tangungjawabnya:tanggung jawab
pertangungjawaban:tanggung jawab
saranqu:saran
sugested:saran
msa:masa
masak:masa
kebuka:terbuka
dibuka:buka
unboxing:buka
gratisin:gratis
fre:gratis
aesthetic:estetik
bawahnya:bawah
kebawah:bawah
dibawah:bawah
bwh:bawah
bawak:bawah
under:bawah
pantesan:pantas
pantesny:pantas
murce:murah
murse:murah
murmer:murah
mumet:murah
semurah:murah
senurah:murah
kemurahan:murah
bhn:bahan
bhnya:bahan
bhan:bahan
bhany:bahan
bhanya:bahan
bahany:bahan
bahanya:bahan
bahnya:bahan
bahany:bahan
bahanyh:bahan
bahaya:bahan
bahanjuga:bahan juga
k:ribu
rb:ribu
rbu:ribu
rban:ribu
ribuan:ribu
kapok:jera
expetasi:ekspektasi
exapetasi:ekspektasi
infektasi:ekspektasi
berekpetasi:ekspektasi
berekspetasi:ekspektasi
blnj:belanja
blja:belanja
blnja:belanja
kelen:kalian
klian:kalian
mslah:masalah
masalahnya:masalah
gambat:gambar
gmbar:gambar
gmbr:gambar
gbar:gambar
pict:gambar
picture:gambar
peac:gambar
dingambar:gambar
dibgambar:gambar
item:hitam
itemnya:hitam
black:hitam
blek:hitam
hitamnya:hitam
trs:terus
trus:terus
ati:hati
style:gaya
styling:gaya
gayanya:gaya
lainkali:lain kali
butek:keruh
buteuk:keruh
itikad:iktikad
itikat:iktikad
repeat:ulang
ngulangi:ulang
sesek:sesak
nyesek:sesak
skli:sekali
skalian:sekalian
mngkn:mungkin
mgkn:mungkin
ngiket:ikat
nyerap:serap
nyerep:serap
asalan:asal
ngasal:asal
comenan:komentar
komen:komentar
koment:komentar
komenku:komentar 
rapih:rapi
rapikan:rapi
alis:alias
bruk:buruk
gamti:ganti
gnti:ganti
ganta:ganti
gonta:ganti
benangya:benang
promo:diskon
voucher:diskon
vocer:diskon
disc:diskon
dipegang:pegang
brapa:berapa
brpa:berapa
brp:berapa
brapakali:berapa kali
caranya:cara
krem:cream
crim:cream
crem:cream
krimnya:cream
tungi:tinggi
tinginya:tinggi
bnya:banyak
byk:banyak
ijo:hijau
gre:hijau
gren:hijau
ungunya:ungu
ngekrop:pendek
kependek:pendek
nany:navy
ngakak:lucu
cute:lucu
lucuk:lucu
kyud:lucu
selucu:lucu
wrn:warna
wena:warna
wrnya:warna
wrnany:warna
wrnanya:warna
wkta:warna
warana:warna
wrlarnanya:warna
warnanyapun:warna pun
wlu:walau
walo:walau
wluon:walau
wlpon:walau
wlpun:walau
walopun:walau
kenak:kena
jlsan:jelas
set:setelan
setelanya:setelan
oneset:setelan
serelek:ritsleting
sleting:ritsleting
resleting:ritsleting
blkng:belakang
belakng:belakang
nyari:cari
bertahun:tahun
th:tahun
expect:harap
ngarep:harap
bayangkan:harap
diharapin:harap
diharapkan:harap
mntng:mentang
rokosokan:rongsokan
lgsg:langsung
kaitanya:kait
diantar:antar
nganter:antar
cod:tunai
warning:peringatan
kukira:kira
kirain:kira
kiranin:kira
kar:kasar
lbh:lebih
over:lebih
respn:respons
reson:respons
nmr:nomor
tentop:tanktop
ajukan:mengajukan
diajukan:mengajukan
ngajuin:mengajukan
request:minta
mintaknya:minta
enaknya:enak
gold:emas
blue:biru
inimah:ini
nie:ini
kacing:kancing
dikancingin:kancing
kancingnya:kancing
kancinginbagian:kancing bagian
ngerugi:rugi
ngerugin:rugi
aplgi:apalagi
apalgi:apalagi
love:suka
lup:suka
luv:suka
sukak:suka
sukanya:suka
coksu:cokelat
cetar:heboh
afordable:terjangkau
sexy:seksi
presbody:ketat
pres:ketat
ngepres:ketat
tag:label
bkl:akan
bakal:akan
bklan:akan
bakalan:akan
simpel:sederhana
simple:sederhana
kepengajian:ke pengajian
syg:sayang
sygnya:sayang
ayang:sayang
syng:sayang
syang:sayang
sayng:sayang
disayngkan:sayang
disayngkn:sayang
ngecilin:kecil
ngecilinya:kecil
dikecilin:kecil
kecilan:kecil
kcilin:kecil
kecilkan:kecil
kecilin:kecil
cil:kecil
ketukang:ke tukang
overal:keseluruhan
sweet:manis
bu:ibu
mak:ibu
emak:ibu
dimamak:ibu
mamah:ibu
mix:campur
cok:cocok
match:cocok
cocoklah:cocok
pket:paket
dpaketnya:paket
paketan:paket
paketanya:paket
pervek:sempurna
perfect:sempurna
mantul:mantap
mntul:mantap
mantuliti:mantap
mantep:mantap
mantepo:mantap
intinya:inti
ragukan:ragu
jutek:judes
trlu:terlalu
trlalu:terlalu
smg:semoga
smga:semoga
moga:semoga
smoga:semoga
ngeborong:borong
auto:otomatis
puaslah:puas
memuaskan:puas
pjg:panjang
pnjang:panjang
panjangnya:panjang
jalani:jalan
jalanpun:jalan pun
ong:biaya
ongkir:ongkos
ongks:ongkos
cus:ayo
kuy:ayo
ayuk:ayo
entar:nanti
ntar:nanti
nt:nanti
nti:nanti
kesekian:sekian
nyangka:menyangka
nyngka:menyangka
nemu:temu
kece:cantik
canti:cantik
cntk:cantik
cntik:cantik
catik:cantik
cancik:cantik
syantik:cantik
secanti:cantik
cakep:cantik
cakeplah:cantik
cuakep:cantik
cakeup:cantik
secakep:cantik
you:kamu
ngumpulin:mengumpulkan
pliz:tolong
plis:tolong
plisla:tolong
tlong:tolong
tolonglah:tolong
std:standar
standa:standar
kret:karet
karetnya:karet
berbiere:berbie
mkin:makin
longaragi:longgar
longaran:longgar
syum:senyum
kurirnya:kurir
stlh:setelah
princes:putri
slu:selalu
selu:selalu
slbpuas:selalu puas
trusted:tepercaya
pede:percaya diri
msk:masuk
dimasukinya:masuk
rame:ramai
acra:acara
sempet:sempat
sepitcles:terdiam
mutunya:mutu
sodara:saudara
one:satu
satupun:satu pun
rijek:cacat
riject:cacat
rijeck:cacat
cacatnya:cacat
btw:omong
part:bagian
bag:bagian
dibgian:bagian
dibagi:bagi
ful:lengkap
komplit:lengkap
hawanya:hawa
kadung:telanjur
budged:anggaran
bajet:anggaran
atasnya:atas
ofer:atas
seatas:atas
keatas:atas
diatas:atas
diatasnya:atas
dinaikan:naik
dinaikin:naik
berasa:rasa
kerasa:rasa
outfit:pakaian
otd:pakaian
odtan:pakaian
up:terkini
date:tanggal
mnurutku:menurut
menurutku:menurut
restock:tersedia
ketersedian:sedia
korean:korea
look:penampilan
looknya:penampilan
ultah:ulang tahun
ultahku:ulang tahun
nikahan:pernikahan
at:atau
job:kerja
pr:kerja
ketiga:ke tiga
flowy:mengalir
seflowy:mengalir
ngaruh:berpengaruh
diner:makan malam
clasy:berkelas
comfort:nyaman
ngampus:ke kampus
pastikan:pasti
pastinya:pasti
fix:pasti
fixs:pasti
seindah:indah
tebel:tebal
tbal:tebal
tebalan:tebal
dbrsihkan:bersih
omg:astaga
omejing:takjub
paslah:pas
ngepas:pas
cas:pas
pasan:pas
ngiler:mengiler
brati:berarti
fikir:pikir
kupikir:pikir
yampun:ya ampun
sehalus:halus
alus:halus
alur:halus
gombrong:gombroh
diakalin:akal
belt:sabuk
kesini:kemari
disini:sini
ping:pink
gerja:gereja
sngja:sengaja
elega:elegan
sejenis:jenis
kerahnya:kerah
bkn:bukan
armi:army
armynya:army
penjait:penjahit
secerah:cerah
cera:cerah
record:rekam
neck:leher
hri:hari
dihari:hari
daily:harian
dimaklumi:maklum
maklumlah:maklum
baiknya:baik
thebest:terbaik
slim:langsing
keandalan:andal
mayan:lumayan
lmyn:lumayan
lumya:lumayan
lmyan:lumayan
lumayanlah:lumayan
ngembang:mengembang
ngmbang:mengembang
optional:opsional
dierbaiki:perbaikan
diperbaiki:perbaikan
berbaiki:perbaikan
perbaiki:perbaikan
ngembang:mengembang
soft:lembut
mulu:melulu
base:dasar
dasarnya:dasar
vintage:antik
ngencengin:kencang
rmh:rumah
drmh:rumah
dirmh:rumah
poli:poliester
poly:poliester
bersihin:bersih
jren:mengejreng
mrka:mereka
lebarnya:lebar
cabe:cabai
rate:nilai
rating:nilai
ranting:nilai
value:nilai
pnilain:penilaian
labanya:laba
dimusim:musim
kebalik:terbalik
bolelah:boleh
bolehlah:boleh
sabaran:sabar
makanya:maka
katunya:katun
damage:kerusakan
shimer:kilau
ilang:hilang
langsungan:terusan
polosan:polos
dnluve:di live
wktuvblive:waktu live
wajarlah:wajar
spdan:sepadan
shock:syok
point:poin
biarkan:biar
adam:adem
dikoreksi:koreksi
balonya:balon
ngebalonya:balon
kn:kan
dipaksa:paksa
paksain:paksa
kemrasak:keresek
lobang:lubang
shg:sehingga
sehingal:sehingga
strecy:melar
stretch:melar
depanya:depan
disetiap:setiap
bsk:besok
skrg:sekarang
jkrta:jakarta
pulak:pula
malem:malam
malamnya:malam
jum:jumat
bong:bohong
bohongan:bohong
sad:sedih
ketuker:tertukar
dicantumin:tercantum
kecantum:tercantum
kren:keren
faktanya:fakta
ikhlasin:ikhlas
nyjatuh:jatuh
utamanya:utama
separo:separuh
ngeh:sadar
ngeuh:sadar
ngerti:mengerti
pelastik:plastik
bunyinya:bunyi
woy:woi
skligus:sekaligus
tgl:tanggal
lm:lama
lamanya:lama
roknya:rok
jad:jas
dibanding:banding
bading:banding
sebandinglah:sebanding
dianak:anak
dikepalai:kepala
nusuk:tusuk
piha:pihak
brantakn:berantakan
blacklist:blokir
konsul:konsultasi
kegocek:terkecoh
bida:beda
bedanya:beda
bedain:beda
bedakan:beda
rajutnya:rajut
rajutanya:rajutan
bayarny:bayar
bayarnya:bayar
njir:anjir
kebakar:terbakar
mon:mohon
gunanya:guna
ngeselin:kesal
ketutupan:tertutup
bolongan:bolong
sweater:sweter
mnguan:minggu
etimlsi:estimasi
santuy:santai
ty:tanya
pingirnya:pinggir
pingiranya:pinggiran
pnting:penting
pya:punya
punyaku:punya aku
double:dobel
span:sepan
onlen:online
trendy:trendi
kdu:kudu
telpon:telepon
hijaban:hijab
berhijab:hijab
hangout:nongki
modelnyh:model
lakunya:laku
play:bermain
ntah:entah
obrasan:obras
ngambil:ambil
diambil:ambil
prnh:pernah
prnah:pernah
ante:tante
siapin:siap
vidio:video
vidionya:video
kondang:kondangan
mol:mall
nambah:tambah
kakilima:kaki lima
amazing:luar biasa
tlh:telah
tgn:tangan
feminim:feminin
mnrk:menarik
prsn:persen
excited:semangat
sank:sanak
gemuy:gemas
barokah:berkah
caption:keterangan
finish:selesai
finishing:selesai
far:jauh
extra:ekstra
puser:pusar
wudhu:wudu
dipesantren:pesantren
sesiku:siku
salfok:salah fokus
displaynya:display
selembar:lembar
safe:aman
buble:gelembung
wrap:bungkus
seramah:ramah
friendly:ramah
diskripsinya:deskripsi
bauk:bau
disiang:siang
coplok:lepas
ngehubunginya:menghubungi
diarea:area
diujung:ujung
milihnya:pilih
kriwil:keriwil
curly:keriting
kabarin:kabar
cardi:cardigan
cardiganya:cardigan
burgandi:burgundy
abunya:abu
abaikan:abai
dibuangin:buang
brudul:berbulu
pertahnkn:pertahankan
aoal:soal
